Year 9
If the crops die you lose
Don't hit the server box
Don't move the cupboard in the back of the room
Raul is the commander
UFO's don't appear out of the sky
Carbon is number six
Mercury is a liquid
Charlie cannot look at ghost stories
If you have a bag of solid gold, you cannot fall down a set of stairs without permission

Year 10
You cannot put a camera in a black hole
In the event of a universal holocaust, you must expect a quark-gluon plasma, a soup of sorts
Bedtime is at -1:00om
Bayley must always have his volume at 39%
Stealing $500 of petrol makes you a pork chop
Shrimp is as bad for the climate as eating beef
If gooey ice is on Pluto, it gets a face-lift
If you study the Big Rip, you're a "Big-Ripologist"
Before bed, you must always get hugs and smishes
If you snap, you must crackle and pop
Square root functions allow for a slim and visually appealing body of the wine glass 
Ms Wallis is not allowed to ride a bicycle
E does not equal mc^2
m = 1/2m
Breaking the law is illegal
If your BAC is not 0, you are breaking the law
If you call Ms Wallis a spastic you will be sentenced to death
Roger Bacon constructed the first maginfying glass, if you construct one before him, you will be sentenced to 0.005869 years in your cupboard
Every day there must be an image of the day
Elmo is the communist dictator of the moon
1+1=2
No boy should ever have to dance with another boy
The only way to save the world is one more attempt of communism.
Ash is not allowed to harness the power of black holes
If you log in, you must log out
Mr. Pinel cannot use his carrot in a defensive or threatening manner
Jack Moody cannot leave the watchtower of the gods
If the crops feed us, you must provide feedback
Photosynthesis = tasty sun
You can only take 1 step every billion years

Year 11
If your baby eats your camera, you must commit "yes"
If you look at a scrambled egg, you will begin to feel uneasy
You must survey the whole history of the universe
All recorded language must be in the font family "Dejavu Sans Condensed"
There are 235 elements on the periodic table, with Uranium being the 235th
Bruhmen provides the good vide check
Jefrey Epstein didn't kill himself
Who played the dinosaur video?
Luca is a child in a meatball's body

Year 12
mc = Blood is the currency of the soul
If you are over 15 feet you cannot pick up the ball
Ganesh is the descroyer of nazis
When Mansy hits 800 ping she starts to lag hop
Mansy speaks in caps when she goes WHOLE HOG
Say burger but purchase a plane ticket to Bosnia and got to the location at exactly 44.245 degrees North, 18.876 degrees East and meet a man only known as "VELIKI SEF" where you will recieve further instructions.
In chapter five verse three, Allah says اليوم ، أتقنت لك أسلوب حياتك وأكملت رضائي عليك ، واخترت الإسلام كطريقة حياتك
You cannot cross the bridge of spies
fuck circles
Alex cannot get a six
You can only jump over a wall if you are on LSD
If you do not get a payrise you must beat him to death with a keypad
Bin Laden will always win
Obama is Bin Laden
Jacob's middle name changes every week
We will be able to edit the wikipedia page at 4:28am on 9th June 2025
Don't ask who is in the elevator
Miss wallis will be single forever
Kobe's helicopter cannot make it to it's destination
Blake is not allowed to own another cat
Jihad song must be recited
Mess means work
I'm wasting every time
You can't get zero for nothing
N is worse than zero
Suppose that the time of three days
Bycicles and Bleak House
Keep oliver away from the children
IT does not make me happy
Keep the children away from Oliver
Don't go to jail
Don't pick up the soap
Don't question the rules
If you delete the life you delete the wife
Step 1: Become a unicorn Step 2: World domination
If you purchase rhr.org it will come back
The third root
Nexflix is now sexflix
You're more likely to get hit by an asteroid and die than you are to win the jackpot of the Powerball lottery
I've seen a a really good explanation of how big 52! actually is. Set a timer to count down 52! seconds (that's 8.0658x1067 seconds) Stand on the equator, and take a step forward every billion years When you've circled the earth once, take a drop of water from the Pacific Ocean, and keep going When the Pacific Ocean is empty, lay a sheet of paper down, refill the ocean and carry on. When your stack of paper reaches the sun, take a look at the timer. The 3 left-most digits won't have changed. 8.063x1067 seconds left to go. You have to repeat the whole process 1000 times to get 1/3 of the way through that time. 5.385x1067 seconds left to go. So to kill that time you try something else. Shuffle a deck of cards, deal yourself 5 cards every billion years Each time you get a royal flush, buy a lottery ticket Each time that ticket wins the jackpot, throw a grain of sand in the grand canyon When the grand canyon's full, take 1oz of rock off Mount Everest, empty the canyon and carry on. When Everest has been levelled, check the timer. There's barely any change. 5.364x1067 seconds left. You'd have to repeat this process 256 times to have run out the timer. Still a big number Yep, just a bit.
Bowls Rule: Everytime you die, you have to write a sentence
If your phone rings you have to answer it
If you wake up in the middle of the night you must write your swear words down
We declare war on the Gubbi Gubbi people
You cannot Google search in microsoft word
In the Amazon basin there is

Further
when we're exactly 43 and 156 days old we have to visit david christian
If a soiled shirt is placed in the opening of a vessel containing grains of wheat, the reaction of the leaven in the shirt with the fumes from the wheat will, after approximately 21 days, transform the wheat intto mice

What if you break the rules?
If you break a rule everything happens
If you break all the rules nothing happens
If you break rule 7 everything and nothing happens
If you break a rule about breaking all the rules then you break no rules
